[Applause]
I'm here to see is that the Brooklyn
Academy music relax everyone this is our
this is it this is our fifth and final
night here in Brooklyn he will disappear
like a cloud of vapor smock in
Williamsburg we will be gone it's what a
week once again Brooklyn you tried to
kill me with food and once again you
fail I'm leaving this borough with a
song in my heart and a full-size cow in
my stomach and so last night we ate our
whole staff we ate at Frankie's here in
Brooklyn for like the eighth time and I
really had so much stuff to eat the only
thing I've haven't had yet that I was
plenty is Chinese food but I do to order
Oh actually when you give me a moment
come in oh here we go
oh yes I ordered a lot
[Applause]
oh yes
unbelievable it's mental all-star
pitcher Noah syndergaard what are you
doing why are you delivering Chinese
food this is what I do in the offseason
wait a minute I thought baseball players
got paid a lot of money we do but I
spend a lot of money on hair conditioner
Oh anyways here's your lo mein oh good a
little something-something on the house
oh thank you I appreciate that what did
you get
[Applause]
well thank you very much
for the order and for bringing Guillermo
to us that all right that should cover
it right there sit oh sorry
all right and that's for you also know
it's syndergaard everybody here mow make
sure I get reimbursed for this a camera
and of course no trip East would be
complete without a visit from our old
pal a special guest sitting in with
cleat oh and the cleat owns he is a
Canadian treasure the most dangerous
bandleader in the world welcome Paul
Shaffer I feel like this is a cherished
tradition now and I hope it continues
for many years I love it and I'll be
here as long as you're here Paul Shaffer
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on